[do not merge]server 4.0 docs release branch (#7023)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/operator/circleci-server-security-features.adoc

[#integrations]
== Integrations
A few different external services and technology integration points touch CircleCI. The following list explains those integration points.

- **Web Sockets** We use https://pusher.com/[Pusher] client libraries for WebSocket communication between the server and the browser. However, for installs we use an internal server called Slanger, so Pusher servers have no access to your instance of CircleCI nor your source control system. This is how we, for instance, update the builds list dynamically, or show the output of a build line-by-line as it occurs. We send build status and lines of your build output through the web socket server (which unless you have configured your installation to run without SSL is done using the same certs over SSL), so it is encrypted in transit.

> - **Replicated** We use http://www.replicated.com/[Replicated] to manage the installation wizard, licensing keys, system audit logs, software updates, and other maintenance and systems tasks for CircleCI. Your instance of CircleCI communicates with Replicated servers to send license key information and version information to check for updates. Replicated does not have access to your data or other systems, and we do not send any of your data to Replicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Replicated** CircleCI uses http://www.replicated.com/[Replicated] to manage the installation wizard, licensing keys, system audit logs, software updates, and other maintenance and systems tasks for CircleCI. Your instance of CircleCI communicates with Replicated servers to send license key information and version information to check for updates. Replicated does not have access to your data or other systems, and CircleCI does not send any of your data to Replicated.
```

- **Dependency and Source Caches** Most CircleCI customers use S3 or equivalent cloud-based storage inside their private cloud infrastructure (Amazon VPC, etc) to store their dependency and source caches. These storage servers are subject to the normal security parameters of anything stored on such services, meaning in most cases our customers prevent any outside access.

- **Artifacts** It is common to use S3 or similar hosted storage for artifacts. Assuming these resources are secured per your normal policies, they are as safe from any outside intrusion as any other data you store there.

[#audit-logs]

> == Audit Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Audit logs
```

> The Audit Log feature is only available for CircleCI installed on your servers or private cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audit log feature is only available for CircleCI installed on your servers or private cloud.
```

CircleCI logs important events in the system for audit and forensic analysis purposes. Audit logs are separate from system logs that track performance and network metrics.

> Complete Audit logs may be downloaded as a CSV file from the Audit Log page within the Admin section of the application. Audit log fields with nested data contain JSON blobs. Please note the audit log download can take a very long time to start; we recommend clicking the Download button once and leaving it to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete audit logs may be downloaded as a CSV file from the audit log page within the admin section of the application. Audit log fields with nested data contain JSON blobs. Please note the audit log download can take a very long time to start; we recommend clicking the **Download** button once and leaving it to run.
```

**Note:** In some situations, the internal machinery may generate duplicate events in the audit logs. The `id` field of the downloaded logs is unique per event and can be used to identify duplicate entries.

[#audit-log-events]

> === Audit Log Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Audit log events
```

> // TODO: automate this from event-cataloger

Reviewer: To Do still here

> The following are the system events that are logged. See `action` in the Field section below for the definition and format.

Reviewer: Link to section below? 

> "See `action` in the Field section below for the definition and format."

- context.create
- context.delete
- context.env_var.delete
- context.env_var.store
- context.secrets.accessed
- project.env_var.create
- project.env_var.delete
- project.settings.update
- user.create
- user.logged_in
- user.logged_out
- workflow.job.approve
- workflow.job.finish
- workflow.job.scheduled
- workflow.job.start

[#audit-log-fields]

> === Audit Log Fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Audit log fields
```

- **target:** The entity instance acted upon for this event, for example, a project, an org, an account, or a build. This data is a JSON blob that will always contain `id` and and `type` and will likely contain `name`.
- **payload:** A JSON blob of action-specific information. The schema of the payload is expected to be consistent for all events with the same `action` and `version`.
- **occurred_at:** When the event occurred in UTC expressed in ISO-8601 format with up to nine digits of fractional precision, for example '2017-12-21T13:50:54.474Z'.
- **metadata:** A set of key/value pairs that can be attached to any event. All keys and values are strings. This can be used to add additional information to certain types of events.
- **id:** A UUID that uniquely identifies this event. This is intended to allow consumers of events to identify duplicate deliveries.
- **version:** Version of the event schema. Currently the value will always be 1. Later versions may have different values to accommodate schema changes.

> - **scope:** If the target is owned by an Account in the CircleCI domain model, the account field should be filled in with the Account name and ID. This data is a JSON blob that will always contain `id` and `type` and will likely contain `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **scope:** If the target is owned by an account in the CircleCI domain model, the account field should be filled in with the account name and ID. This data is a JSON blob that will always contain `id` and `type` and will likely contain `name`.
```

- **success:** A flag to indicate if the action was successful.
- **request:** If this event was triggered by an external request, this data will be populated and may be used to connect events that originate from the same external request. The format is a JSON blob containing `id` (the unique ID assigned to this request by CircleCI).

[#checklist-to-using-circleci-securely-as-a-customer]

> == Checklist To Using CircleCI Securely as a Customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Checklist to using CircleCI securely as a customer
```

* Sometimes user misuse of certain tools might accidentally print secrets to stdout which will appear in your logs. Please be aware of:
  ** running `env` or `printenv` which will print all your environment variables to stdout.
  ** literally printing secrets in your codebase or in your shell with `echo`.
  ** programs or debugging tools that print secrets on error.
* Consult your VCS provider's permissions for your organization (if you are in an organization) and try to follow the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege[Principle of Least Privilege].
* Use Restricted Contexts with teams to share environment variables with a select security group. Read through the https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/contexts/#restricting-a-context[contexts] document to learn more.
* Ensure you audit who has access to SSH keys in your organization.

> * Ensure that your team is using Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) with your VCS (https://help.github.com/en/articles/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa[Github 2FA], https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/two-step-verification-777023203.html[Bitbucket]). If a user's GitHub or Bitbucket account is compromised a nefarious actor could push code or potentially steal secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that your team is using Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) with your VCS (https://help.github.com/en/articles/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa[GitHub 2FA], https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/two-step-verification-777023203.html[Bitbucket]). If a user's GitHub or Bitbucket account is compromised, a nefarious actor could push code or potentially steal secrets.
```
